# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

#### Public Classes

* [`honeytail`](#honeytail): This module installs, configures and manages Honeycomb.io's honeytail

#### Private Classes

* `honeytail::config`: This class handles the configuration.
* `honeytail::package`: This class handles installing the honeytail package
* `honeytail::service`: This class creates our systemd mess

### Defined types

* [`honeytail::instance`](#honeytailinstance): Creates an instanciated instance of honeytail using the provided configuration

## Classes

### `honeytail`

This module installs, configures and manages Honeycomb.io's honeytail

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
class {'honeytail':
  direct_download => 'https://honeycomb.io/download/honeytail/linux/honeytail-1.762-1.x86_64.rpm'
}
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `honeytail` class.

##### `version`

Data type: `String`



Default value: `'installed'`

##### `direct_download`

Data type: `Optional[String]`



Default value: ``undef``

## Defined types

### `honeytail::instance`

Creates an instanciated instance of honeytail using the provided configuration

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
honeytail::instance {'mysql':
  config => {
    'Required Options' => {
      'ParserName' => 'mysql',
      'WriteKey'   => 'REDACTED',
      'LogFiles'   => '/var/lib/mysql/slow-query.log',
      'Dataset'    => 'mysql'
    }
  }
}
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `honeytail::instance` defined type.

##### `config`

Data type: `Hash`

The configuration to pass to honeytail. Honeytail uses ini format for it's configuration,
please refer to examples, honeytail docs and puppetlabs-inifile module docs.

##### `ensure`

Data type: `Enum['running', 'stopped']`

Whether the instanciated honeytail service should be running. Default value: 'running'

Default value: `running`

##### `enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether to enable the instanciated honeytail service at boot. Default value: true.

Default value: ``true``

